
# Performance â€“ Windows 10 Engineering Guide

The Performance Windows Engineering Guidance (WEG) provides partners
with a roadmap to delivering high-performing and power-efficient PCs to
customers. This topic identifies opportunities to measure, analyze,
and improve performance in key areas, including battery life, browsing
experience, and streaming media. OEM, ODM, and IHV partners can also
find guidance in this WEG on developing and selecting Windows Store apps
that run efficiently on your system, and links to related documentation.

As we look to the next generation of technology, customers continue to
expect high-performing and power-efficient PCs. Customers demand that
today's PCs provide the richness of a modern web experience, long
battery life, and a diverse portfolio of powerful software. More
customers expect new devices to provide the always-on and
always-connected experience that they have with their mobile phones and
that can only be enabled in a connected-standby PC.

The Performance Windows Engineering Guide (WEG) provides guidance on how
to deliver a great Windows experience on a high-performing PC. This
document identifies opportunities to measure, analyze, and improve
performance in key areas, including battery life, web browsing, and
streaming media. OEM, ODM, and IHV partners can also find guidance in
this WEG on developing and selecting Windows Store apps that run
efficiently on your systems.

This document provides tools and guidance to make full use of Windows
features for hardware, mechanical, firmware, software, and manufacturing
engineers and does not address business and marketing audiences. Topics
include how to optimize for performance while following manufacturing
best practices and while developing and deploying drivers, apps,
firmware, and hardware. This guidance applies to traditional x86-based
PCs as well as devices that offer connected standby. It applies to both
the consumer and commercial markets.

> [!IMPORTANT] The Performance WEG is not intended to communicate the Windows Hardware Compatibility Requirements (WHCR) and OEM Policy Document (OPD). Both WHCR and OPD take precedence over any information in the Performance WEG. You must comply with the WHCR and OPD.

